README.md, before:

# Advent of Code

Advent of Code is a resource created by Eric Wastl and available at https://adventofcode.com.

Programming puzzles are released from 1st to 25th December each year, allowing users to test their programming skills.

Challengers can be solved with any programming language chosen by the user.

## My Advent of Code Repository

I started working on Advent of Code as a side project in late 2022 to support my learning while on the Northcoders bootcamp.

All challenges have been completed in **JavaScript**. The raw data for each puzzle has been saved in a text file and parsed, rather than being hard coded.

## Credits

**Puzzles, Code, Design:**

Eric Wastl

**Beta Testing:**

Tim Giannetti\
Ben Lucek\
JP Burke\
Aneurysm9\
Andrew Skalski

**Community Managers:**

Danielle Lucek\
Aneurysm9

## Legal

Advent of Code is a registered trademark in the United States of America. The design elements, language, styles, and concept of Advent of Code are all the sole property of Advent of Code and may not be replicated or used by any other person or entity without express written consent of Advent of Code. 
Copyright 2015-2023 Advent of Code. All rights reserved.

## Licence

Please feel free to copy, share, or critique the puzzle solutions used here. Suggestions are always welcome! As explained in **Legal**, the original puzzles are the sole property of Advent of Code.

Commit message:

adds contents section to README

README.md, after:

# Advent of Code

Advent of Code is a resource created by Eric Wastl and available at https://adventofcode.com.

Programming puzzles are released from 1st to 25th December each year, allowing users to test their programming skills.

Challengers can be solved with any programming language chosen by the user.

## My Advent of Code Repository

I started working on Advent of Code as a side project in late 2022 to support my learning while on the Northcoders bootcamp.

All challenges have been completed in **JavaScript**. The raw data for each puzzle has been saved in a text file and parsed, rather than being hard coded.

### Contents

Text files with raw data for each puzzle can be found in the **data** folder.

Instructions for each challenge are saved in markdown files in **instructions**.

The **utils** folder contains files with utility functions used by functions within each solution.

The puzzle files themselves are named using the format **01-part-01**.

## Credits

**Puzzles, Code, Design:**

Eric Wastl

**Beta Testing:**

Tim Giannetti\
Ben Lucek\
JP Burke\
Aneurysm9\
Andrew Skalski

**Community Managers:**

Danielle Lucek\
Aneurysm9

## Legal

Advent of Code is a registered trademark in the United States of America. The design elements, language, styles, and concept of Advent of Code are all the sole property of Advent of Code and may not be replicated or used by any other person or entity without express written consent of Advent of Code. 
Copyright 2015-2023 Advent of Code. All rights reserved.

## Licence

Please feel free to copy, share, or critique the puzzle solutions used here. Suggestions are always welcome! As explained in **Legal**, the original puzzles are the sole property of Advent of Code.
